[Nagisa] So you want to go to
Miss Ibuki's house. Now?
[Tomoya] Yeah, I think we
should verify this in person.
Then we can find out if
she's really Miss Ibuki's
sister, right?
You're coming with us, aren't
you, Fuko-chan?
No, I think I'll just wait here.
Why wait here? If we meet her,
we can settle this quickly.
[Tomoya] It does seem a little
suspicious after all.
Why wouldn't she come with us?
[Nagisa] Surely she must have
had a good reason.
[Tomoya] You don't believe
it, do you?
That she's an apparition
of the living
or having an out-of-body
experience?
Or that she's just a spirit
and her body's in the hospital?
No matter how you look at it,
she's a real human being.
Thats...
There must be something
around here.
Like a reason she has to insist
she's Fuko Ibuki.
Or that there's kind of
situation causing her to
believe that she's Fuko Ibuki.
Some agenda we're unaware of.
[Nagisa] What sort of situation
could it be?
[Tomoya] How would I know?
[Nagisa] Miss Ibuki!
Why hello there, it's me,
Furukawa.
Well Nagisa, how strange
to see you here. Oh!
Oh! I remember. You came to buy
pastries once.
Hey, Okazaki, I didn't know that
you knew Miss Ibuki.
[Tomoya] Once, when there was no
one in the shop, I gave her a
bag of Sanae's pastries.
So I take it that you're
Nagisa's boyfriend, then?
No, he isn't!
[Nagisa] No, honestly, I don't
mean that I don't like you,
Okazaki.
It's just that there must be
someone more suitable for you.
Is there someone you're
seeing already?
[Tomoya] Oh, no, there's no one
like that.
There isn't anyone?
[Kouko] Looks like It's your
chance, Nagisa.
[Whimpering]
Forget about what I just
said and all that stuff!
Don't you think that Nagisa
is cute as a button?
Oh, yes Miss Ibuki,
congratulations...
Oh yes, that's right,
that's the reason we came to
see you in the first place!
You see, Okazaki and I heard
that you're soon to be married
to a man named Yusuke.
So, we wanted to
congratulate you.
[Kouko] But where... where did
you hear about my wedding?
And you both even know
my fiance's name?
But I don't believe I've...
I don't believe I've told anyone
but my dear sister Fuko-chan.
Wait a minute, your sister
Fuko is the only one
you've told?
Why yes, my poor sister
who is in a coma.
But I thought you knew about
that, Nagisa?
That my dear sister is in a
comatose state at the hospital?
Uh, Yes...
Even if she's asleep, I talk to
her about all kinds of things.
I told her about my upcoming
nuptuals, but I haven't told
anyone else.
[Nagisa] Uh, um...
[Tomoya] Nagisa and I heard some
kind of rumor at school.
Someone must have seen you
with your boyfriend and
then built on the story,
and spread it around to the
students at lunch.
Is that so? Then, I understand.
How is your sister doing,
by the way?
Strange you should ask,
I just went to see her,
as a matter of fact.
Today, her color looked
so much better.
Actually, I...
I don't know if I'll get
married or not.
With my sister in that
condition,
I don't know if I should marry
and find happiness or not.
I can't decide.
I don't know if it's the
right thing to do, or not.
What is happening here?
What's going on?
[Nagisa] I almost said to that
poor woman,
"She's not in a coma; she's
alive and well at school."
You should have said it! I mean,
if they were to meet face-to-
face, all would be clear.
But I feel like it's not
something you should
say out loud
without regard for
someone's feelings.
And Fuko didn't want to either.
[Tomoya] Furukawa, are you
trying to tell me that you
actually believe all of this?
That the girl we've been talking
to is a ghost or apparition or
something?
Maybe the marriage that someone
was talking about wasn't even
her marriage at all,
It was someone else's and she
overheard it.
[Nagisa] It's very strange,
but I can't believe that
Fuko is lying.
I don't know why, but...
In order to get lots of people
to celebrate the wedding,
Fuko is making all of those
beautiful hand-carved
starfish sculptures.
And then she's giving them all
away to her friends.
Oh, hey, don't cry.
No, I won't cry.
But instead of turning to tears,
I'm turning to empowerment to
help Fuko in her plight!
I have to say that you really
get energized when it's for
someone else, you know that?
Like, what about the Drama
Club, for instance?
Well, that's important too,
but I'm terribly sorry, I just
can't ignore Fuko right now!
I know that... I know you've
done so much for me but it
can't be about me right now.
[Sigh]
I'll help you.
Fuko is on my mind, too.
And it's not like I have
anything else to do.
[Nagisa] Okazaki...
Are you sure it's okay
for me to impose on you?
We can't have you sleeping at
school anymore, now can we?
Your parents know about Miss
Ibuki and her upcoming
nuptuals, don't they?
Yes, she comes often to buy
pastries when they're fresh.
Then, you should keep your last
name a secret.
Think of a cover story.
I understand!
[Akio] In other words,
you want us to let her
stay here for a while?
Akio and I don't mind
at all, but what about
your folks, darling?
[Tomoya] They're terrible
parents. I mean, can you believe
they just up and left her
and went on a trip?
Right?
Tell me, Fuko, what would your
family's last name be?
[Fuko] It's Isogai!
[Tomoya] Can't believe she
picked such an unusual
last name...
Fuko Isogai?
Why that would be the
name of the family next
door, wouldn't it?
Okazaki!
[quietly] I can't believe she
just saw the nameplate
next door and decided
that was her last name.
[Akio] Is she a relative
of the neighbors?
No, it's just an unexpected
coincidence!
[Sanae] Well, my! It is a
strange coincidence, isn't it?
[Akio] Mm-hmm.
[Tomoya] Even if she had used
her real name, Ibuki, we could
have deceived them.
I would be... I'll be indebted
to you forever.
Oh, such a polite girl you are.
And it's so very nice to make
your acquaintance.
[Rumbling]
[Rugby team screaming]
[Misae] Hey, you guys!
I am not gonna let you
get away with that again!
[Rugby team] We're sorry!
[Misae] Those guys are such
perverts! They were peeking
in the girls' dorm again.
Looks to me like they just
want your attention, Misae.
If you would be a little more
strict with them, they'll stop
doing stupid things, I bet.
I can only hope that's all
it'll take to do it.
Hitting would probably have
no effect, you know.
An arm bar would work against
them a whole lot better,
especially if it's
delivered by a woman.
I'm actually opposed to acts of
violence, though.
Oh, so you decided to come
after all?
[Tomoya] Hey there, Peeping Tom.
[Misae] Hold him!
[Youhei screaming]
[Misae] Say "Uncle!"
My arm hurts... Now, I can't
take on the Student Council
like I've always wanted to do.
[Tomoya] If it's about the
Drama Club, activities have
been postponed.
We have something else
we have to do.
Something else?
Yeah, taking care
of the ghost girl.
Except, I don't believe that's
really the case.
[Youhei] Huh? The ghost?
[Tomoya] Fuko bothers me,
but I'm actually pretty worried
about Furukawa too.
I'll be watching over them for
the time being while I help.
So, that's it. Tea?
What are you talking about?!
Hello?
I'm coming in, alright?!
What is this?!
There's blood all
over this thing!
[Tomoya] What are you doing
so early in the morning?
Look, it's Okazaki.
Well indeed it is! Good morning.
Could it be, you've all been
carving these from last night?
Yes, we're all helping
Fuko with her stars.
[Customer] Excuse me!
[Tomoya] Mister, a customer.
[Akio] Get'em.
[Tomoya] Get who?
[Akio] The customer.
You can't take advantage of
your daughter's friend
like that!
He's right, Akio.
[Tomoya] Yeah, Sanae,
you tell him.
You can help us carve
while you watch the shop.
If you love me that much, you'd
want me to stay here with you
and send him out!
Nobody said anything like that!
[Akio] Okay, shall we work?!
[Sanae] Yes!
[Nagisa] I'll get ready
for school.
[Tomoya] Lined up like this, the
floor looks like the night sky.
Huh? Why do you think that?
Well, they're stars, aren't
they? Shining stars.
They're starfish.
They're what?
So what are you telling me?
That all of you have been
carving starfish all this time?!
Why yes, of course I am.
Why would we be carving
something as silly as
shining stars?
That doesn't make any sense.
Why should you be
carving starfish?!
Lined up like this,
they're all just so cute...
...these starfish.
[Tomoya] Wait a minute, did you
hear these were starfish?
No, I thought they were
starfish from the beginning.
[Tomoya] How could you know
that?! Do you think starfish
are cute too?!
They're really cute, because
Fuko carved them.
Yeah, whatever... already...
Here you go...
Here you go.
[Nagisa] You've given out
most of them.
Thanks to your family,
I'll be able to give
out a lot today.
Rather than handing out all
these starfish to the students,
wouldn't you rather go
see your sister?
I... I really would like to,
but I don't know if my
voice will reach her.
What do you mean by that?
I can't see her,
and honestly can't say
if my little voice is loud
enough to reach her.
I think maybe that's why
I'm doing all of this.
[Nagisa] Ah, Fuko, what does
your sister call you?
[Fuko] Fu-chan...
Then, can I call you that too?
Why, yes!
Then can I call you that too?
That would be terrible!
Why so terrible?!
[Fuko] Just because!
[Tomoya] You-
Miyazawa, are you in there?
Welcome to you.
Good to see you both.
[Yukine] And who might you be?
Please... please accept this!
Yes?
I'm giving you a starfish.
Thank you. So, did you make this
all by yourself?
Oh, you don't say? You're doing
this so people will celebrate
your sister's marriage.
Yes. And we decided to support
her in getting people to come.
I support you too.
I want you to do your best.
I will! Thank you very much.
Seems to me you have a very
high tolerance level for a
girl your age.
[Nagisa] Isn't it great that she
accepted one, Fu-chan?
Yes, it was all thanks
to you, Nagisa.
[Tomoya ]Are you two
ignoring me?
[Fuko] Because you
are the enemy.
[Tomoya] I'm not the enemy!
[Fuko] Then, a natural enemy.
[Tomoya] That's even worse!
[Fuko] Rather, I want to say
[Fuko] the worst natural enemy.
[Nagisa] Okazaki, you
mustn't harass Fuko.
[Fuko coos]
[Tomoya] She gets like that even
when Furukawa hugs her.
[Nagisa] Ah, Fu-chan?
Calling her name won't work.
When she gets like this,
it takes a while.
Fujibayashi!
[Ryou] What is it?
Can you come over here?
[Tomoya] When she comes
to herself, tell her,
"I'm Okazaki. I've become
a girl." Got it?
She's always in a daze and
I think that's dangerous,
so I want to caution her.
Will you help her out?
Yes, I don't mind at all.
So the when she asks,
"How?" just tell her,
"It comes off sometimes!"
For any other questions, just
say, "For the time being."
Okay...
Okay, Fun Team!
Let's hide and watch.
[Nagisa] Will this really
help Fu-chan?
[Tomoya] Shh.
Uh, what were we talking
about just now?
Huh? Where's Okazaki and Nagisa?
[Ryou] I'm Okazaki,
I've become a girl.
HUH?!
I said... I said I'm Okazaki,
and I've become a girl.
[Fuko freaks out]
[Fuko] I don't understand!
How did you become a girl
all of a sudden?!
This just isn't possible!
[Tomoya snickering]
[Ryou] It comes off sometimes.
[Fuko] What?! That
is too shocking!
[Tomoya laughing]
[Fuko] Okazaki,are you telling
me that it actually
[Fuko] comes off sometimes?
[Nagisa] Hey...
[Tomoya laughing]
[Ryou] For the time being.
[Fuko] For the time being?!
Does it come off easily?
I didn't know there were people
like that in our highschool!
It couldn't possibly try to up
and attach itself to me now,
could it?
For the time being...
It could?! That's a great shock!
[Fuko] Oh, did it attach
itself again?!
What's with you?
What are you talking about?
It was a bad dream after all.
That's good. I was afraid that
I might just turn into Futaro
some day.
[Nagisa] Okazaki, you should
stop already.
[Fuko] [gasps] There
are two Okazakis!
We divide sometimes.
I'm totally shocked!
[Kyou] Hey, Tomoya!
I've been watching you!
Don't you even try to use
my sister for any of your
silly pranks!
The same face!
There are three Okazakis!
How much of an idiot
are you, anyway?
[Fuko] Here you go!
[Kyou] For us?
[Ryou] My, this is a
really big star.
Maybe it's actually a starfish.
You knew it was a starfish!
Now you are one of my
starfish friends!
What, seriously?
This really is a starfish?
Yes, Fuko put all of her
heart into carving these
wooden starfish.
Really?  Well, actually I
was only joking about it
being a starfish.
I want you to both please
hug the starfish.
Like this?
You look very good! Beautiful!
I question your sense.
But the two of them are
very pretty,
and together they're
even more beautiful.
On the outside, maybe, but
they're different inside.
The elder is a gorilla and the
younger is a hamster- Gah!
[Nagisa] Okazaki!?
[Kyou] You said something very
insulting just now, didn't you?!
Sis, you really mustn't throw
things you've received as
a present.
Yeah! Fuko would be hurt if you
treated it like that!
Oh, I'm sorry. Forgive me.
It just seemed to me like it
would be an object with great
offensive power.
A flying starfish...
It's possible!
You think it's possible?!
Everyone seems to be accepting
them very graciously.
Yeah, but on one hand we are
picking the people who seem
nice to give them to.
[Fuko] Mitsui!
[Fuko] I'm Fuko Ibuki, we talked
at the school entrance ceremony.
Oh, now that you mention it...
You got into an accident,
didn't you?
Were you discharged
from the hospital?
Um, Uh...
[Tomoya] Yes, she was discharged
and is repeating her
sophomore year.
And we have a little request.
[Fuko] I want you to
please accept this!
What's this?
It's a present, and if you can
attend my sister's wedding,
I would be very appreciative.
[Mitsui] I'm sorry,
but I can't accept it.
You're in your first year,
so you may not know,
but seniors are very busy.
All of us have to study for
difficult entrance exams.
And I just can't participate
in anything that will
cause lost time.
Excuse me.
Oh, poor Fu-chan...
C'mon, will ya Cheer up already?
I'm fine. Really.
I'm only saying it because
you don't look it.
[Fuko] It can't be helped. I
only talked a little with Mitsui
at the school entrance ceremony.
I'm glad she even
remembered my name.
[Fuko] I've never attended
a class.
I only pick up pieces of
forgotten wood in art class
and then I carve them in one
of the empty classrooms.
I wish I had a chance to attend
even one class. Just one class!
Okay, then I'll phone Kyou
[Tomoya] and Sunohara!
[Nagisa] Huh?
[Nagisa] It's not a school day,
but there seems to be a lot of
people around.
[Tomoya] It's almost Founder's
Festival, so they must be
preparing for it.
Thanks to them we can
get into the school.
[Kyou] Oh, they're here.
Hi there! Good morning
to all of you.
Okazaki, Furukawa, Fuko.
[Nagisa] Good morning,
everybody.
[Tomoya] Sorry to call
all of you out.
I came for Nagisa's sake.
And I'd do anything for
her, you know?
We thank so much you, Sunohara.
[Kyou] But Tomoya,
why do we have to do this?
Believe me, we have our reasons.
I'll explain it to you
all someday.
[Ryou] Fuko, what's
the matter?
I feel kind of nervous today.
[Nagisa] Fu-chan, come on in.
Our class is almost
about to start.
Come over here!
Hurry on over, will ya?
Mmhmm!
[Kyou] We have all the students.
What about the teacher?
[Tomoya] That was the problem.
I couldn't ask a real teacher,
after all.
[Youhei] Hmm, wait a minute,
is one of us going to be
the teacher, then?
[Tomoya] You're an idiot,
so you can't do it.
[Youhei] That's very
rude of you.
[door opens]
[Sanae] All right everyone,
You should all take your seats.
Class is about to start.
[Tomoya] Sanae, how did you...
[Sanae] I heard about
it from Nagisa.
[Sanae] If you don't mind, why
don't you let me be the teacher.
[Kyou] [quietly] Hey, Tomoya,
who is she? Nagisa's sister?
[Tomoya] [quielt] Yeah,
something like that.
[Tomoya] Somebody expects
an old-time campus drama.
[Sanae] All right, everyone,
please go to your seats.
[Tomoya] Sanae acts awfully
like a real teacher.
This is our first class, so
let's introduce ourselves.
Here! my name is
Youhei Sunohara.
Sunohara is written with a
"spring" and a "field".
[Sanae] What a wonderful name!
[Kyou] Ma'am, Sunohara
is an idiot!
[Youhei] Don't say anything
unnecessary!
[Tomoya] She'll find
out soon enough.
It's his energy!
It covers his idiocy.
AUGH!
I'm Tomoya Okazaki.
At school, I'm just another
lazy delinquent.
[Sanae] Doing things at
your own pace is best.
[Nagisa] I'm Nagisa Furukawa.
Sunohara and Okazaki aren't
being serious; they're goofing.
But I would like to take this
class very seriously.
You sound like a class leader
or something, to me.
N-No, I'm not!
Nagisa, why don't you be
the class leader?
Oh no, I think...
I think it should be Fu-chan.
After all, she IS the center
of this class.
We're all here because
we care for her.
Yeah, sounds good to me.
Fuko, so, would you
like to do it?
[Kyou] No objections!
[Ryou] Do your best, okay,
[Ryou] Class Leader?
[Youhei] Well, if Nagisa
says so...
[Round of applause]
Well Class Leader, if you would,
please introduce yourself.
I am Ibuki-
No, you're not!
I mean, my name is Fuko Isogai
and I like starfish!
Thank you for sharing,
you did well.
[Sanae] Fuko?
Fuko-chan, the people here
are all your classmates and
your friends.
Let's all get along, okay?
[Sanae] You all can get along,
can't you?
[All] Yes ma'am!
[Sanae] Now let's
start our class.
Class Leader?
[Kyou] Call to order,
call to order.
[Fuko] Huh? Oh! Stand up!
[Fuko] Bow!
[Fuko] Sit down!
[Tomoya] Fuko Ibuki...
She's a little different, but
she still seems like an
ordinary girl.
[Tomoya] Miss Ibuki at
the Founder's Festival?
[Nagisa] Yes, I thought we
could invite Miss Ibuki and
have the two meet.
So we can get to
the bottom of this.
[Tomoya] I see...
That may be a good idea.
[Fuko] Excuse me, little boy,
please accept this.
[Nagisa] I want Fu-chan and
Miss Ibuki to meet after all.
[Kouko] My sister and I
talked about attending
the Founder's Festival
after she entered school.
[Nagisa] Isn't that nice,
Fu-chan?
[Fuko] Yes!